What are you doing?
You really consider yourself the master of this place
Wake up and stop talking
Let go of me and I'll say who the real master is
You'll find out later.
Xia Mengsu's family will be back soon
You and your cheap husband are waiting to die
Who dares to let him die?
Oh sir
What's up?
do not
Don't call me master
You should call him Master
Butler Sun said he was the son of the Pangu Group
Son of Su Mingyue, the richest man in the country
Do you know him?
Damn it!
that
Okay, you Xu Baichuan
The manager of a mere housekeeping company
How dare you pretend to be our young master?
Baichuan you
You're just a little manager of a housekeeping company
I built it up for a while
So he also pretended to be the son of the Korean group
The key to this villa
I also got it from the housekeeping company.
Sorry Xu Baichuan
You slept with me so many times
You're lying to me in the end
I called you a liar.
I'll kill you.